Fix typos in documentation files (#857)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/developers/tooling/oracles/supra.mdx

---

[Supra](https://supraoracles.com/) is a novel, high-throughput oracle and 

> intra-layer: a vertically integrated toolkit of cross-chain solutions (data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IntraLayer: a vertically integrated toolkit of cross-chain solutions (data 
```

IntraLayer is a Supra product: https://supra.com/training/courses/supra-introduction-to-intralayer/

Author: Done ! Thanks
